== Getting Started

1. bundle
2. rake db:create
3. rake db:migrate
4. rake db:seed

Basic Crud Application: College Professors
Write a web application to manage professors and the subjects they teach. A database schema for such a
system might consist of three tables:
professors
id name
1 Jillian Morrison
2 Peter Erdos
3 Arthi Gupta
4 William Yin
subjects
id name
1 Physics
2 English Literature
3 American History
4 Computer Science
5 Economics
professors_subjects
professor_id subject_id
1 4
2 1
2 2
3 3
3 4
Functionality
● The user should be able to view, through a web browser, a table comprising the names of all
professors and the number of subjects they teach.
● When the user hovers over professor’s name, a bounded box containing a list of the subjects that
professor teaches appears.
● The user can add or remove a professor.
● The user can add a subject to the list of subjects the professor teachers.
Requirements
● Code should run without error.
● Implement all of the functionality above using Ruby on Rails.
● Make the application respond immediately to changes so that whenever the user makes any
change, the UI updates immediately to reflect it.
Extra credit
● Allow updating a professor
● Allow deleting and updating subjects for a professor
● Allow ability to add subjects to the global list of subjects.
● Place a textbox above the table of professors that allows the user to filter by professor name as s/he
types.
● Allow the user to sort the table of professors by number of subjects they teach.
The application must work on IE10+ and the latest versions of Chrome and Firefox. Use of jQuery is
permitted but optional.